[Music]
you know mr. chair I was looking how did
we get to this point how did we get to
this point where we take children out of
mothers and fathers arms and you know it
dated back family separation in the way
that we have seen it where we take
children away from their parents without
due process began last year
undersecretary Kirsten Nielson but I had
to dig further here is the memo that I
would like to submit to the
congressional record and it seems as
though mr. Holman that you are the
author there were three different
options presented the third included the
option for family separation mr. Holman
your name is on this as is correct yes I
sent a memo so you provided the official
recommendation to secretary Nielsen our
family for the United States to pursue
family separation
I gave secretary Nielsen numbers
recommendations on how to secure the
border and save lives but it says here
that you ret you gave her numerous
options but the recommendation was
option three family separation I'm
saying this is not the only paper where
we given the secretary numerous options
to secure the border and save life and
so the recommendation of the many that
you recommended you recommended family
separation I recommend a zero tolerance
there's an important issue here some of
you guys might not have noticed on your
first viewing of the video I mean with
all the kind of ethical political just
dramatic tension in the room but here it
is the shoulder pads are a problem and
no I'm not joking I mean it kind of sort
of is an issue in our society that a
huge percentage of women go around with
padded bras but your shoulders are
really on display in our society all the
time and to the same extent that many
people might get a work notion of like
what is normal or just what is the shape
of the human body if you live in a
society where all women all the
I'm are wearing padded bras to a much
greater extent right here in right now
our sense of what are the proportions of
the human body it's kind of warped
because people like this especially in
formal and important situations like
this they're wearing shoulder pads all
the time look at the size of my human
look at my head the width of my head
relative of my shoulders okay I'm in
shape of working out of the gym doing
okay but that's one one human head
versus one shoulder now look at this
look at the size of this guy's shoulders
look at the proportions of the shoulder
to the head and that's that's compared
to Arnold Schwarzenegger that's compared
to Arnold Schwarzenegger in his prime so
we live in a society where men including
overweight out-of-shape elderly men want
to look like a kind of imposing gorilla
they want to look like their shoulder is
three times the width of their skull in
terms of their proportions and this has
become normalized it's become normalized
to an extent that would seem laughable
or absurd if it were women patting their
chests or men patting their crotches or
anything else so my modest proposal my
modest proposal is that we ban shoulder
pads I guess it's easy to look back at
other cultures from other periods of
history and laugh at what they
considered men's formalwear but could we
maybe collectively recognize as a
culture that compared to people wearing
robes in medieval China or people
wearing a toga
in ancient Rome actually our customs are
a huge step backwards in civility that
were wearing kind of padded phony armor
or a motor that's designed to make us
look less pot-bellied that we are less
fat that we are and more like a gorilla
with an enormous shoulder I mean maybe
one of the first steps towards greater
civility in our political and personal
discourse would be to take off the
shoulder pads literally and figuratively
both women and men zero tolerance was
interpreted as the policy that separated
children if I get arrested for DUI and I
have a young child in a car I'm gonna be
separated when also police office in New
York and I arrested a father for temesta
khylin s-- I separated that mr. all to
respect
[Music]